# Grocery Store Simulation!
    #### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/Br2FqFy-QOw>
    #### Description: Now for this project I decided to go for something that had a simple idea but had some more complex underlying areas to it. I wanted to really focus on just using my newly learned skills such as classes (which I learned in Java but sort of forgot about), recursion, importing modules, and more. I really do feel like I learned a lot from implementing these skills into a project of my own. So what entails this project is acutally a grocery store management simulation! Now We start the game with a prompt that will have multiple different choices using a True and False output to either end or continue the game which pressing 7 would return False for the loop ending the game. So now we have many options and I will go through them each breifly but my first input would be simulating a day which that function involves cycling through customers and determining a random amount customers to buy each item and thus leading to increasing our daily sales and thus our budget. Now my buy_items option will bascially enter the inventory attribute and then see if there is any matching items from the input; now you can buy a current item which I used a lower to ensure any captializtion issues but you can add your own items too. Sure one can make many items but there are many ways the game can end due to no budget left! My third input is going to be cleaning the store which if that reaches zero it would cause the game to end and then if it is low then our reputation goes down so cleaning the store will allow that to restore to a good value! Inputs 4-6 will just basically print input and output details to the user so they can keep track of what is going on in the game. The progress report will also print out when the game ends so one can see how many active days there are. Now one implemented feature that I put in the game to make it better and more random was the random event feature which every simulation will have a 20% chance of causing a random event which could cause a negative effect on the game or a positive effect on the game! There is a total of 7 options and after the 20% chance of it occuring it will randomly cycle using randint through 7 options; some examples are the fire damage and then impractical jokers visit. I really had fun making this game; while it seems a bit simple I believe I put in some nice complex code to make the game fun such as buying, managing budget, random events, and much more. So overall we could see some updates in the future like employee management which I would probably use a set again like the inventory attribute. But for this project I really enjoyed it and it was less stressful than my CS50x project! I hope this is a fun game one can enjoy and making it difficult could include changing attributes likes cleanilness limits, budget amount, customer range limited, and much more.
